docs: clarify why logforth is versatile (#200)
fast/logforth: README.md

### Layouts

Some appenders support customizable layouts for formatting log records. Logforth provides several built-in layouts:

* [`TextLayout`] formats log records as optionally colored text.
* [`JsonLayout`] formats log records as JSON objects.
* [`LogfmtLayout`] formats log records in the logfmt style.
* [`GoogleCloudLoggingLayout`] formats log records for Google Cloud Logging.

[`TextLayout`]: https://docs.rs/logforth/*/logforth/layout/struct.TextLayout.html
[`JsonLayout`]: https://docs.rs/logforth/*/logforth/layout/struct.JsonLayout.html
[`LogfmtLayout`]: https://docs.rs/logforth/*/logforth/layout/struct.LogfmtLayout.html
[`GoogleCloudLoggingLayout`]: https://docs.rs/logforth/*/logforth/layout/struct.GoogleCloudLoggingLayout.html

Users can also create their own layouts by implementing the [`Layout`] trait.

[`Layout`]: https://docs.rs/logforth-core/*/logforth_core/layout/trait.Layout.html

The following appenders do *not* use layouts:

* `Async` appender simply forwards log records to another appender; layouts are determined by the inner appender.
* `FastraceEvent` appender converts log records into tracing events; layouts are not applicable.

> * `OpentelemetryLog` appender has a more generic `MakeBody` trait for converting log records into OpenTelemetry log bodies. It can internally use a layout, anyway.

Author: ```suggestion
* `OpentelemetryLog` appender uses `MakeBody` trait for converting log records into OpenTelemetry log bodies. The `MakeBody` trait is more flexible and may optionally use a `Layout` implementation internally.
```
